[KOBAYASHI]
Wow...
What a beautiful
array of coding.
Do you have any idea
who wrote this?
Nope. No clue, I'm afraid.
Here's your tea, Miss Kobayashi.
Thanks, Elma. Looks great.
Oh no, why are you staring
at the code I wrote?
Is there something
wrong with it?
No, actually...
I was just saying I really--
Wait, who wrote this, again?
That would be me, Miss.
And I can continue
growing as well.
Call me shallow,
but I just assumed you'd be
serving tea forever.
What do you mean?!
You're the one
who gave me all those books
and told me to study!
I guess you would have
high specs, being a dragon.
Great work, Elma!
This is amazing!
[ELMA whimpers] Oh no...
Are you praising me, Miss?
Yes, I am! This means
we have another
awesome fighting
member on our team!
Way to go, Elma!
Thanks! All you have to do
is leave it to me!
Great. Could you start
by handling this, then?
[ELMA]
Mm-hmm.
--[KOBAYASHI] And this!
--[ELMA] Mm-hmm.
[KOBAYASHI]
Oh, and this one, too.
[ELMA]
Mm-hmm.
[KOBAYASHI]
And this.
And this one, this one,
this one, and this one.
We're counting on you.
Hold on! That's too much!
[TAKIYA]
No, it's not.
That's the amount of work you
should be handling regularly.
[ELMA]
Uh?
Kobayashi's the one who's
been dealing with your share
of assignments
up until this point
while you were serving tea.
[ELMA]
Huh...
[TAKIYA] She already has
way too much on her plate
without covering for you.
Isn't that kind of
incredible, Mister Takiya?
Yes, it is.
She is our pillar of strength.
Pillar?
[growls]
She's a pillar? I see.
[ELMA] Miss Kobayashi!
Please stand up!
I challenge you to a duel!
--[KOBAYASHI] Huh?
--Come on!
Let's fight fair and square!
[KOBAYASHI groans]
[KOBAYASHI]
Where is this coming from?
Maybe she's mad
I gave her too much?
Well, yeah, that's how Elma is!
Huh. I think I kind of
understand how you feel
when she comes after you.
She challenges me to
the strangest matches, too.
There were tests of strength,
then seeing whose tail was
longer, and even speed eating.
One time, she challenged me
to see which one of us could
strip the clothes
off of travelers first.
[KOBAYASHI] Wait, so you
were partners in crime?
Now it makes sense why you were
playing together all the time.
You're actually friends.
We are certainly not!
Normally, we would be
trying to kill each other.
Miss Kobayashi, please
be careful around Elma.
Your gaze is as sharp as
those in the chaos faction.
[KOBAYASHI] Is my resting
face really that bad?
[ELMA]
Hello!
You showed! You didn't run!
Great!
[KOBAYASHI] Well, I did
consider taking some PTO.
Can we please deal with
this before we compete?
[ELMA gasps]
[KOBAYASHI] It's one of
the limited-time sweets
from the station.
A soft, sweet pudding.
[ELMA whimpering]
[KOBAYASHI] Normally, this would
be all it takes to satisfy Elma.
No! I'll have it
when I win the match!
[KOBAYASHI]
Whatever works.
[TAKIYA] The winner will be
whoever completes the most
of this work that
hasn't been touched
since who-knows-when.
[ELMA]
All right!
You say it hasn't
been touched yet,
but someone has to be
responsible for it, right? Who?
[TAKIYA]
Hah. That would be me.
I'm taking some time off.
Going to Akiba with Fafnir!
See you later!
[KOBAYASHI] What a bastard.
At least he works hard.
I honestly can't tell if
you're upset or grateful
from the lack of
tone in your voice.
Shall we get started?
[ELMA]
Uh, yeah.
[KOBAYASHI] Welp. This might be
the world's lamest competition.
[KOBAYASHI] It doesn't
matter if I win or lose,
the work gets done either way.
[STAFF 204A]
Time for lunch.
[STAFF 204B] You feel like
doing some ramen again?
Why don't you
come with us, Elma?
No, thanks.
I still have a lot to do.
[KOBAYASHI] Hmm. Beating a mere
human like me can't possibly
make you any happier, can it?
If I upset you,
I sincerely apologize.
[ELMA]
I'm not mad.
And you shouldn't
sell yourself short.
Don't become a pillar, either.
A pillar?
[ELMA]
That's right.
I've watched way too many
humans in despair become pillars
in the other world.
What does that mean?
[ELMA] They support others by
becoming a sacrifice themselves.
[KOBAYASHI]
Human sacrifices?!
[ELMA] The dragons of the
harmony faction help humans,
but many of my companions
demand sacrifices in exchange.
Those people became
human pillars and died.
I couldn't stand it
if that happened to you.
[KOBAYASHI]
This conversation has taken
an awfully dramatic turn.
I feel like we're
losing you to your work!
You have to stop
sacrificing yourself
and your happiness here!
The least you could do is
allow me to lead the others!
Elma, could you bring
your head closer?
Then close your eyes?
Huh? What do you mean?
Miss Kobayashi, please,
you already have Tohru.
But, um, if you want
that from me, too,
I'm not one to tell
you what to do.
--[KOBAYASHI] Wake up!
--Owie! Owie! Owie!
What the heck's
the matter with you?!
Phoo. That's called
an unnecessary concern.
[ELMA]
What?
The world you live in now
is different from the one
you came from,
so take some time to breathe.
Don't go thinking
everything is the same.
[ELMA]
Huh...?
[KOBAYASHI] There are no human
sacrifices in modern Japan.
Also, I still have my honor
as your senior here,
so lay off my work.
[ELMA sighs]
I see.
I think we should go ahead
and end this competition. Yeah?
[ELMA]
'Kay.
I appreciate how concerned
you were for me, though.
Thank you, Elma.
[ELMA]
Sure.
[KOBAYASHI] Another day,
another yen, amirite?
Okay, Elma! You're coming
with us to have drinks tonight.
Drinks?
Yeah, Takiya's already standing
by at our usual watering hole.
[ELMA chuckles] I bet it'll be
fun to drink with everyone.
[KOBAYASHI] Uh, yeah.
And there are some things
you can only talk about
with liquid courage.
[ELMA]
Now I'm excited!
And what's up with
that outfit?! Ew!
You dragons
really piss me off!
You think you can wear
whatever you want! False!
You can't just wear
glasses for fun!
Blindness is not
a fashion statement!
[KOBAYASHI]
No one's tits are that huge!
As one who wears glasses, I
know there are big differences
in sizes and frames!
If you're gonna wear them,
you need to take a frame
and size class first!
--[ELMA] I wanna go home...
--[KOBAYASHI] Yeah!
[TAKIYA] This is a popular
collaboration café!
We're pretty lucky
it's emptier on weekdays.
Yeah.
[WAITRESS 204A]
Sorry for the wait.
Here's the special bonus
illustrated coaster you ordered.
There are 15 types
handed out at random.
I need you to be my
partner-in-gathering-stuff
until I can collect them all!
Let's make it happen.
[TAKIYA chuckles]
[KOBAYASHI] That's scary.
They're recruiting for patrols.
Yeah, they asked me
if I wanted to work for them.
[KOBAYASHI]
Huh?
They were impressed with
my skills after they saw me
catch that thief in
the shopping district.
Right. That actually
happened, didn't it?
[KOBAYASHI]
You think it would be safe?
Ah! Sweet of you
to worry about me!
[KOBAYASHI grunts]
For others.
[TOHRU sobs]
Aw, dammit!
Thanks so much for
coming today, Tohru.
You're in normal clothes.
What a surprise.
[TOHRU] Miss Kobayashi
said I should wear more
than just my uniform.
So, um, how would you
like me to patrol for you?
All you have to do is walk
around the area and see
if you spot anything strange.
It can be a little
scary sometimes.
There's nothing in any of
the worlds that can scare me!
I'm a chaos dragon
born to be feared!
Oh, that's so cute.
[TOHRU] Miss Sasakibe,
do you know any martial arts?
No, nothing at all.
So then, you'd be a hindrance
to me if something does happen.
[giggles]
Nothing is going to happen.
I promise, this is one of the
safest areas you could be in.
[SASAKIBE]
A red zone already?!
Why today of all days?!
[whimpering]
Miss Sasakibe,
are you all right?
U-Uh-h-huh...
They're blocking the street and
getting in the way, aren't they?
We should go warn them.
[gasps]
Maybe--
Hey, you guys.
You're disrupting the
neighborhood by loitering here!
Oh, are we?!
You got a problem with us?
I sure do.
What kind of species doesn't
understand its own language?
Huh?! Quit screwing
around with me!
You idiot!
--He lashes out way too fast!
--[SASAKIBE whimpers]
[DELINQUENT 204A groans]
[gasping]
[TOHRU] I will only
warn you one more time,
so if you don't understand,
then I will give up hope.
[demonic]
Go away.
[DELINQUENTS screaming]
You're gonna regret
picking a fight with us!
Team Dragon Busters, out!
That's the most obnoxious name
I've ever heard. So...
Let's regroup and
get back to our patrol.
Do you know what you'll do
if they come back for revenge?
Uh. Yeah, first, I'd make him--
[ELMA gasps]
That's the most
suspicious person
I've ever seen in my life!
Huh?! What are
you talking about?!
You're skipping out
on work, aren't you?!
No, I got out early today!
Huh? What's with that
armband you're wearing?
[TOHRU] I'm on patrol
to maintain the peace
for the neighborhood,
of course.
[ELMA]
Huh...? You are...?
You're doing something
to preserve the peace
of the city we live in?
That's what I said.
Did I stutter?
[ELMA whimpers]
[sobbing]
Really?! I'm glad you've
finally found it for yourself!
--You believe in justice!
--[TOHRU] Huh?
This is the best news!
From now on,
you're an agent of harmony!
I would be so honored to
help you with your patrol!
Uh. I get the feeling you
didn't understand what I said.
Oh, a-are you saying
you'd like to take my place?
Miss Sasakibe?!
I mean, you told me I'd be
a hindrance, didn't you?
[ELMA] Oh, come on,
I'm a bit more experienced
at detecting evil than you are.
You can ask me
anything you want.
I'd like to know the fastest
way to get rid of you.
Don't be embarrassed!
[giggles]
There are times
you can be super cute.
[TOHRU]
So annoying...
I'd like to know what it is
exactly that you consider evil?
I think it's okay to overlook
some mild misconduct
as long as it's not
bothering anybody.
Well, there's a book
of laws, right?
They shouldn't be doing anything
against what's in there.
[BOY 204A] Hurry up!
It's about to turn red!
--[GIRL 204A panting]
--[BOY 204A chuckles]
Hold it!
[panting]
That's a traffic violation!
And a major fine, to boot!
Prepare to be punished,
you wicked villains!
[BOTH wail]
Okay, okay, take a deep breath
and lay off the kids.
What?! Are you defending evil?!
I take it back--
you are a chaos dragon!
Calm down. If you're
going to waste your time
chasing after the little
things, I'm going home.
And what was that
about punishment?
Violence isn't going
to solve anything.
Oh. Sorry, Tohru,
but you're starting to sound
a lot like Miss Kobayashi.
Ah?! Really?!
You mean it, Elma?!
You get me, don't you?
I had a feeling you did!
Awkward.
[TOHRU] You keep focusing
on the little things
because you're walking
without purpose.
We must find
this suspicious person.
So what do they look like?
Well, according to the flyer,
they were dressed entirely
in black and had long hair.
He's also described as a tall
man with sharp eyes and glasses.
Oh, That sounds
easy to identify.
It says here he was last
seen dancing on the streets
on his way to an
elementary school.
I see. So kinda like that?
Yeah, exactly like that.
What is the meaning of this?
[FAFNIR]
I was going over my choreography
for an event with Takiya.
Why do you have
to do it out here?
Because our room is too small?
Try to remember you're a
fearsome dragon and do your best
to avoid suspicious behavior.
She's right, Faf.
You need to be more self-aware.
[FAFNIR]
And you two?
We're patrolling the streets.
[FAFNIR]
Excellent work.
A chaos faction and a harmony
faction member working together
in a world that seems determined
to drive everyone in it crazy.
[TOHRU] Yet, you seem to be the
only one here bothered by it.
And save the lectures
about being too influenced.
[FAFNIR]
You're wrong.
Lately, I feel like
I understand you.
But...
I still think it's
enormously dangerous here.
The common sense of this
world doesn't completely mesh
with our understanding.
It's not how we were created.
Never forget that.
Isn't it our differences
that make living here so fun?
[ELMA gasps]
[DELINQUENT 204A]
I found you!
Oh, you thought you
were gonna get away with
that stunt, didn't you?!
[DELINQUENT 204E] You seem
like you could hold your own,
but maybe not while he's here.
The strongest
local delinquent--
they call him the
Dragon of Destruction.
[chuckles]
A woman, huh?
I always say,
if you can put up a fight,
it doesn't matter
what your gender is.
But if you can't fight,
then I suggest you hurry up
and apologize
for wasting my time.
Do you still think
you can fight me?
I hope you're not
expecting any mercy!
[DELINQUENTS]
Go get her, Ryuu!
[RYUU groans]
[DELINQUENTS]
Ryuu!
[TOHRU]
There are way too many of them.
I guess I'll wear the dirty
clothes Miss Kobayashi gave me.
[RYUU grunting]
[DELINQUENTS]
Ryuu!
[TOHRU] If you don't understand
by now, then you never will.
[DELINQUENTS]
Ryuu!
[TOHRU]
You will never oppose me again!
[DELINQUENTS]
Ryuu!
[TOHRU bellows]
Will you shut up?!
[DELINQUENTS screaming]
[TOHRU panting]
[DELINQUENT 204B]
Hmm?
Good afternoon, Tohru!
You look lovely!
Miss Tohru!
Okay.
You sure are popular
today, what's up?
[RYUU grunting]
Hey, Ryuu, it's pretty late.
Let's get out of here.
You expect me to take
being defeated lying down?
I'll build my strength
until I can get my revenge!
--[gasping]
--Sounds good.
There's a bear!
[roars]
--[screaming]
--[RYUU] Heh!
Perfect. Now you'll see
how strong I've become!
[screams]
[DELINQUENTS]
Ryuu!
[COMMERCIAL singing in Japanese]
I want to go to
an amusement park!
Uh... I've never understood
those places where people pay
to stand in line all day just
to make themselves throw up.
[KANNA growls]
Have you not been to an
amusement park, Miss Kobayashi?
--[KOBAYASHI grunts]
--If that's the case,
then I don't mind going
with Kanna and we can
tell you all about it.
[KOBAYASHI] Suddenly,
a dragon's gonna mentor me
on the way this world works?
Yeah, no.
I'll take you just this once.
But only because
I know so much about them
and you're
wanting to learn.
[ILULU, KANNA gasp]
[KANNA] Can Saikawa please
come with us, too?
[KOBAYASHI]
Why not?
[RIDERS screaming]
[KOBAYASHI]
Well, we're here.
What is this place?
It's hard to believe
we're in the same country.
Right? So this is
the kind of place it is.
[TOHRU]
Huh?
Every time I come here!
And therefore, when
you encounter the unusual,
you create fond
memories for life.
Just allow yourself to let go,
and forget your daily routine.
[TOHRU]
I recognize that voice!
[KOBAYASHI]
Me, too!
[BOTH gasp]
[GEORGIE] Hello! I am your guide
to this wacky world of dreams.
In a way, this job
could be considered
a type of parlor maid.
[KOBAYASHI] You don't think
that's stretching it just a bit?
Working?
[GEORGIE] My father's friend
runs this park and said
they were kinda short-staffed,
so I'm helping him out.
Look at this.
If you're hungry,
there's a café in this area here
that I think you'd really enjoy.
Yeah? Thanks, we'll try it.
[GEORGIE]
Hello! I'm Parkour Land's Acro!
[KOBAYASHI]
Such a passionate employee.
Hmm?
[KANNA] Kobayashi, I'm gonna
go play with Saikawa and Ilulu.
'Kay. Meet back up at the
Ferris wheel at 4 o'clock.
All right. What do you wanna do?
I mean, just us
adults all alone...
Can't imagine what you'd want to
do with that, but I'm intrigued!
[TOHRU] Huh... It's an entire
room made out of mirrors.
Weird. There're
way too many me's.
What is the purpose of
having mirrors covering
every inch of the walls?
The better to reexamine
and reevaluate
your truest self, my dear.
I see. I wonder
if it's telling me that
I'm supposed to accept my
human form as my truest self?
[KOBAYASHI]
I have to say,
you're conquering
the maze pretty quickly.
[TOHRU] I can usually tell the
way from the echoes of sound.
[KOBAYASHI]
You're kinda like a bat.
[GEORGIE]
I've come to curse you!
[screams]
I'm scared of
costumes and props!
Calm down, Saikawa.
I'll protect you.
[grunts]
--[shrieks]
--[gasping]
[KOBAYASHI]
I know this one.
You spin the table.
[TOHRU]
Huh?
I'm trying to figure out
why this is fun.
It's called...
centrifugal force?
Are you saying that humans
enjoy physically experiencing
a stronger rotational force
in order to become more aware of
the planet's natural rotation?
[KOBAYASHI] Centrifugal force
and rotational force aren't--
You know what?
Let's go with that! Yes!
[TOHRU]
Let's go with what?
Can I try spinning
us around now?
Yeah, sure.
Here we go!
[KOBAYASHI screams]
[KANNA gasps]
What is this?
How do we play with it?
[GIRLS gasp]
[GIRLS gasping]
[ILULU]
Yay! This is so fun!
[KANNA]
The world is spinning.
[laughing]
[SAIKAWA shrieks]
--[ILULU groans]
--Sorry.
I didn't mean to do it again.
Man, Saikawa,
you're pretty funny.
This, too, is a maid's duty.
A unicorn, huh?
They're notorious for
falling in love with virgins.
Wow, are you saying
this could be my moment?
Don't joke about that.
Your virginity belongs to me.
Creepy.
[GEORGIE]
Would you like a snack?
--Lucky!
--Yes, thank you.
Yes, thank you very much.
[GIRLS]
Mm! Mm!
Saikawa, is yours yummy, too?
[SAIKAWA] Mm-hmm. Oh, but
I forgot to save you some.
Sorry, Kanna, I ate it all.
[gasps]
You're right.
That one's yummy, too.
Waa--
[groans]
Wow, she held it back.
I can show self-control
when it really counts!
Well, in that case...
Take this!
--[gasps]
--One more, please.
[shrieks]
[GEORGIE giggles]
[TOHRU] I had so much fun,
Miss Kobayashi!
[KOBAYASHI] I couldn't tell
through all your complaining.
As long as I'm with you,
I'd have fun even in
the depths of the darkest
abyss where light can't reach!
That doesn't sound like
fun to me, Tohru.
But I guess... I agree that fun
is more about who you're with
than where you are.
And you had fun with me,
didn't you, Miss Kobayashi?
Admit it!
I think the café Georgie
mentioned should be
around here somewhere.
I know that outfit!
That's the Victorian maid style
you told me you always admired
since you were little.
--[gasps]
--[whimpering]
[TOHRU] That's the best
smile I've seen on her
at any place we went today!
Thank you!
Thank you so much, Georgie...
I mean, it tastes average.
Not like I have anyone
to drink it with, ya know?
I would think you'd drink it
with me, wouldn't you?
They're here somewhere.
--Hey, are you okay?
--[panting]
Yeah. I'm good...
Choking on my own
happiness, I guess.
[shutter clicks]
[SAIKAWA]
Georgie...
[GEORGIE giggles]
You young ladies look
like you're having fun.
I can send you copies of the
sweet photos I just took of you.
[KANNA gasps]
I wanna see now.
[ILULU gasps]
Kobayashi, you're late!
I'm so sorry!
We lost track of time.
So. Shall we ride
the Ferris wheel together?
[KOBAYASHI] Did Georgie
take all these photos?
We were screaming 'cause
we were having a good time.
I would love to live in a place
that was always so much fun.
Yeah, sorry my place
is so ordinary and boring.
What's the matter, Tohru?
I was just thinking
about the rides--
ones that make sharp turns
and rock back and forth
make me nervous.
Then there are the buildings
with detailed designs
and mascots modeled
after fantastical beasts.
[KOBAYASHI]
She's feeling nostalgic?
Wait a sec...
We're in a simulator!
Does it feel like
riding a dragon?!
[gasps]
Are they makin' these things
to avoid riding dragons
in real life?!
Humans are disgusting monsters!
How did you even
jump to that interpretation?!
If you'd let me take you
everywhere, it'd be like
going to your personal
amusement park every day!
[KOBAYASHI]
That only has roller coasters!
Although... Maybe...
Maybe I could do something
like this every now and then.
Nah, it's not good for the hips.
[CLASSMATE 204A]
Nae.
Nae?
Georgie.
Oh. Hi. Good morning
to you, ladies.
[CLASSMATE 204A]
What the...?
Did you forget your
own name just now?
[GEORGIE]
Hmm?
[SAIKAWA]
Hi, Kanna's Mom!
I brought you the photos
from the amusement park.
There're thousands!
[KOBAYASHI]
Wow, that's a lot.
[SAIKAWA] It is?! Then I'll
go through all of them
and only show you the best ones.
[KOBAYASHI] Still a lot.
Don't worry about it.
I'm sure they're all amazing.
[CAST]
This week on "Who's Rotten?"
[ELMA]
Pisces.